Don't be here.
Let's go to your room
I should have known they were in this relationship
So far
What else am I sad about?
Where would he hide things?
With my skills
It is not difficult to infiltrate the interior of Dongying
It's just that Dongying is huge.
Finding a list does take some time
I'm right.
Lord K doesn't know much
But I know he's an extremely cautious man
This important list must be hidden in his mind
The safest place
If not, it can still be done here.
Kobayashi
Your most important piggy bank is hidden here
Don't be afraid that I will take it secretly, you won't.
And I see it every day.
Isn't it the safest place?
It should be this one.
Isn't this Miss Mu?
How did you become a thief?